hey guys I am in a new spot Los Angeles
California
story time another crazy stories on dad
hi guys my life is great
yesterday grabbin grabbin some food in a
popular LA area normally walks up behind
us as we're grabbing her parking ticket
out of submission it was like John John
John Oliver what is that for she dead
Joe instantly she started walking closer
nothing but then you're like oh I'll be
better that's hurt and I don't and then
she came up directly behind us and
started talking and I was like holy crap
yes freakin rashida Jones and we
couldn't get a parking ticket thing to
work like we couldn't honestly we just
didn't know to leave our credit card
inside the machine we kept on trying to
do this like this thing you know you
know and we're like oh it's not working
you're going to have to decide you know
I turned around to her she to John I was
like you know I it's not working for us
you go ahead and she's like huh okay you
forgot your parking ticket she like
pulled up machine gave it to us and we
were to make me forget that important
hey Vicki and I was like I had the
initial conversation with her we were
keeping it cool we didn't really say
anything but then we proceeded into the
elevator just freaked the flip out we
freaked I mean of course I yelled kids
expand forever I can't believe you would
have lose the speaking Jim I didn't like
that story like too much but she's an
all-star in parks track
like she does so many page she's an epic
actor Wow lonely love me love me how to
start out the day with some delish
what you get are you not at that tree
hugger
the tree hugger except real you that's
delish
BBQ chicken wrap type situation you know
because we just live in our best life
out here you're going up we're currently
in the Manhattan Beach area this place
is insane
just look at this look houses dolla
dolla bills a lady could be closer to it
yeah hey Jen can have it you buy me one
of these maybe that 100 thanks bro so
basically just walk down all of these
peoples like front yards these houses
are insane
you have Manhattan Beach right there and
then look at these lovely home one day
or you can be ugly right around that
maybe like a hundred a month
oh man my Craig I know you and I just
thought about to walk down look great
but we're gonna have to we have to walk
back up that eventually keep it real
yeah enemies down well whatever I
got I gotta but I already can't though
Phoebe Donny don't be up in two couple -
Dex tell her that no I do not again do
it again do it again do it again warm it
up Wow I was impressive what all right
John this is going to be a montage so it
doesn't matter what you say I have a
huge crush on your mom Sarah when you
said you can't hear what I said right
hey guys can Aman Sarah GG here with
another story time we just finished up a
lovely lunch Jonathan what are you going
to the cafe with this camera I'm sorry
that's so funny
the most typical la mom immediately shot
got to look at you and shot you like I
mean literally what I didn't mean that
well like sometimes very tempting a
little bit exaggerated I thought we were
doing actually should we like bring it
back forces like the actual story of me
sure I gotta YouTube make sure girl
story time so she was basically like was
she exactly saying you remember she's
like are you just going to walk in here
and like film everyone which she was so
happy about it
and sweetheart John you're just like oh
no all right Lee no I am NOT sassily
turned around yeah she was not happy and
literally the entire time it was like
her her husband I guess and some kiddos
and they were just shooting the
craziest-looking you were talking about
a saint yeah yeah when her husband got
there the moment you sat down she
started like yeah he took out it started
like cussing and basically telling him
the story of John walking into the
restaurant with this camera we ain't got
time for that because look where we are
it's so pretty hair how is it for you
glib dude I just rule at the end of the
day though when it comes to her like I'd
like she's inscribed on the minute huh
alright two hills down two more to go oh
uh I give up all right hold until an
ambulance get an uber I was going to say
uber but ambulance faster Angeles
probably probably nuber actually
[Music]
I'm going to show you some behind the
scenes of John Hills everyday as a
skateboarder youtuber hey John HOF and
you end up at a home depot way more than
I probably should you like to build
things out of skateboards like some
senators obscure funny projects oh I
feel like a lot of kids dream about
playing with and I'm like you know what
take it in my own hands I'm a grown man
who can build things I might as well
don't think that it what is your goal to
accomplish used to have this seat in a
skateboard with handlebars and to just
make a really really ridiculous thing
trying to make a bite out of a
skateboard basically yeah
you know you might be the first one to
dig those have all the people follow you
there you go you're a trendsetter picnic
so how old are you getting those things
and airborne and you're holding through
it I really don't want okay Rock Paper
Scissors shoot to see who has to drill
holes through it okay Paper Scissors
shoot
[Applause]
if you want to figure out if this
project came to fruition and see John
dude gnarly tricks on a skateboard is
basically going to turn into a bag
pretty much that's right but it has the
John Hill secret sauce about two months
ago
I was at a South by Southwest party and
met a guy named Michael who created this
app anchor my mind was slightly blown
because when the app anchor first
dropped about a year ago I actually
hopped on it super quick because I was
very intrigued by it and Gary Vaynerchuk
hopped on it quick so I was like might
as well it is a app completely revolving
around audio so it's not necessarily a
SoundCloud or a podcasting app but it's
really meant to kind of like
revolutionize radio you know radio has
been around for so long like why hasn't
it evil I was talking to Michael that he
was telling me how the app has changed
you know they've launched a version - it
has changed a lot since I was first on
it but I was super intrigued by it and
we bonded on music and just like the
importance of audio there's still a
pretty small start-up in York City so
after South by Southwest I actually gave
them a visit up office learned more
about the app and I was legitimately
intrigued you follow me on Twitter you
know I really kind of casually been
playing around with the app and I see it
as a really cool way to interact with
you guys interact with a PG fan because
just like a radio station you can
actually call in and talk to me and then
I can incorporate that into my radio
station and I can share interviews with
you guys you know I'm constantly
interviewing people in my video but this
anchor audio only platform kind of
extends that and you know allows me to
provide a lot of information inspiration
or entertainment and whatever that looks
like in behind the scenes of my life or
anyone who wants to share things the
world I can do that very
leads via the anchor up so I kind of
grew this really cool relationship with
them and they approached me to have like
a featured station on the app as a
conversation evolved they saw the
opportunity for a really kind of cool
collaboration they're not like
necessarily paying me to do a hashtag
sponsored video you know I've had the
opportunity to do a few of those
recently in like triple mint it was so
cool and it's been cool the past year
degree relationships with brands and
then you know after the Adobe Creative
residency actually pursue them in
organic really cool ways that I can work
in the spy videos and it's it's fun
because it's like I'm doing the client
work that I did before the residency but
now I get to integrate it with my own
personal brand that's a whole other
thing but it's exciting for me
but anyways anchor is basically like
compensating me on a monthly basis to be
consistent with my radio station and -
you know loop in the Peachy fan and I I
was I was like not gonna mention that
because they're not necessarily you know
paying me for a video or it's not like a
classic brand deal or hashtag sponsor
but I was like is that dishonest is that
being you know just honest to my
audience it's still I guess technically
a brand deal but it's also something
that I am insanely excited about and
it's a company that's in a very
beginning stage and it's kind of this
cool thing where I feel like the PG fans
can kind of own our section in this app
and kind of make the P chief an app and
it's a cool way I can talk to you via
Collins and stuff so I'm you know I'm
going to talk about a lot on Twitter and
kind of work it in to the youtubes and
see how it goes because it's kind of
like a week-to-week
type things um so yeah I just didn't
want you guy I didn't want to feel icky
about talking about it all the time
without letting you know like yes I'm
getting compensated a little bit but
it's also a company and people an idea
that I 10,000%
back and it gives me stoked it's also
very interesting for me personally to
just see what kind of end
what can I help on a app or an idea you
know for any future project for our
ideas that I have to see you know like
how you guys respond to that and the
feedback that you give back to me so
it'll be cool like what if we the PG fam
can pop off this app like just us that
that would be dull here's an example of
something that we did with the John Hill
and the del Decker the other night oh
yeah I'll give you all an example by the
mean guy of the industry so it's a
pretty cool app and I'm going to be
hopping on it I think like pretty much
every day for the most part and the
coolest part is I want to see how you
guys maybe can kind of own it because I
have an audience of creators and
inspirational humans so obviously I
think it'll be fun for you to
participate on my radio station you can
call in and stuff but I also want to see
where you guys can create thanks for
tuning in let me know if you like this
video hit that subscribe button down
below make sure to check out John's
video as well and I will see you guys
the next video because guess what I post
every weekday every Monday through
Friday stay peachy
beautiful when you call me I can't you
drop that on me don't get sick
don't you